Fix music options not being invalidated when play music is toggled from top toolbar (#3330)
OpenLoco/OpenLoco: CHANGELOG.md

------------------------------------------------------------------------
- Change: [#3323] Refitting a vehicle or removing components from it now asks for confirmation if the vehicle contains any cargo.
- Fix: [#2797] Single player scenario scores reset when adding a new scenario.

> - Fix: [#3032] Unchecking "Play Music" from the top toolbar does not invalidate Options - Music window (original bug).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: [#3032] Toggling "Play Music" from the top toolbar does not refresh the status in the options window.
```
